Hello everyone. Welcome back to I'm
Gonna Pack It. I'm Lonnie.
>> Hey, I'm Candace. Welcome back. We have
quite a few orders going out that we
need to pack up today and we have some
big heavy bulky things moving out of the
ship,
>> which is awesome because we have
obviously we have a lot of other stuff
coming in, I think. Yeah, I preacked
this pretty well. So,
>> so what this is, it's a lot of 150 car
dealer brochures from like the what '7s,
'8s, 90s pretty much.
>> Yeah, '7s, ' 80s, 90s, 2000s, a couple
in the 201s. It's mostly 80s, n 80s,
90s, I think, are the
And um
>> I overpaid for this a little bit. So,
I'm glad we sold it, but we paid $25 on
this,
which is crazy. I can't believe I paid
that much.
>> I know.
>> Yeah. This is the kind of thing normally
I try.
>> You know what I think you were probably
thinking? We had those really vintage um
like car car manuals, like owner's
guides.
>> Yeah. I don't know.
>> And you were probably thinking,
>> "Yeah,
>> along those lines."
>> But hey, we still made money though. Um
>> Yeah.
pretty quickly, too. And whenever I
listed these, I took just a couple of
photos of all of the manual of all the
brochures like spread out on the bench.
Yeah,
>> this bench right here, actually.
>> And uh
cuz it was so many like I wasn't going
to try even trying like arrange them and
stuff. And then what I did was I put the
c my phone on. I have this thing. If you
go to Amazon, you can find this kind of
thing.
wear it around my neck
and then it's actually really handy. I I
use it I use it a fair amount for
product videos like that. And then my
phone ow my phone ow it got stuck my
finger got stuck in the magnet.
>> Oh my gosh. can sit here and then I'm
handsfree and I'm just like able to and
I flip through every one of those um
every one of those brochures or most of
them and then added that quick video to
the listing
so they could see, you know, get a
really good idea of what they were
getting even if they didn't know exactly
what every one of them was. So, woo.
Man, that's a heavy sucker. Don't try
and lift that. I'm gonna
>> Okay,
>> I'll I'll move that whenever you're
ready.
>> You got it.
>> Well, y'all, we um
we already had a pretty good bit of
stuff,
as y'all know, and um we went out garage
selling on Friday
and we did we did really well again. And
then the next two days, Saturday,
Sunday, we we took it off, man. It was
nice.
>> Yep.
>> It was really nice.
>> Yeah, we took care of some stuff we
needed to do.
>> Yeah, we had a lot of stuff to do. Oh.
Um,
bizarre project. A bizarre project.
That's the neat username. I was trying
to think of it last night. Mhm.
>> So Molly, uh, the past month or so,
she's been cooking dinner.
>> Yep. Not every night, just one or two
nights a week.
>> Well, last week it was two nights.
>> Yeah.
>> And she's really been enjoying it. And
>> she actually cooked our Easter meal.
>> Yeah. Well, yeah. A big part of it.
>> Yeah,
>> she did. But yeah, she's really been
she's really been doing well with it.
And she's enjoying it. and she had um
I think on maybe Friday or Saturday, I
can't remember which she had the uh
yeah, Friday or maybe Thursday or
Friday, she had
we got we both got uh cookbooks from a
bizarre project for Christmas. This is a
awesome gift
and
I got the Runescape cookbook, which I
mean the Runescape cookbook is
incredible. It's got all the characters
from the game. It's got actual dishes
from the game. Um, just it's a really
cool book. She was reading that and she
bookmarked she had bookmarked like seven
pages and she said, "Those are the ones
I'm interested in cooking." And all
right, had to get that big package out
there for UPS. So, uh,
I saying,
>> "Oh, you're talking about Molly looking
through the cookbook, the Rake
cookbook."
>> Yeah. So, she she had selected some
things she want she wouldn't mind
cooking out of it. And one of the things
was a Japanese curry.
I'm a big curry fan. Not stuffed curry.
I like stuffed curry. All right. Too,
but I'm talking about the the food.
>> You like Indian curry mainly because of
the spice.
>> I like I like Thai. I like the tiger.
>> That's right. Yeah.
>> So,
anyway, Candace and her went to uh J
What What is that market y'all went to?
>> There's an Asian supermarket uh in Baton
Rouge. A big Asian supermarket.
>> Man, I I didn't go cuz I was working on
something. I can't remember what Oh, I
was We got a project we'll talk about
later. I was getting ready for that.
Yeah.
>> Spent a pretty good bit of time on that.
But um
yeah, y'all Candace and Molly went to
that market. Man, I need to go there.
That place is wild.
>> Cool. Yeah, we had fun.
>> They got all kind of like seafood, fresh
like live seafood in and tanks and like
eels.
>> Yeah.
>> And lobsters and
>> Yeah. Like their their hu their ramen uh
aisle is huge. Like instant ramen.
There's every kind you can imagine.
There's even like fur and stuff, too.
>> Yeah. I I want to go back. I love fur. I
love ramen. I love I love Asian food in
general. Really?
>> I finally got to try these. These little
ice creams went viral, I think, on
TikTok like a year or two ago, and I
never did get over there and get one.
>> What are you talking about?
>> They're shaped like fruit. They're on a
stick. Like I got the peach one. It
looks like a peach and it's like
>> the outside is like this real thin like
white chocolate um shell and it's
painted to look like a peach. And then
the inside is just this really creamy,
soft, peach flavored ice cream.
>> That sounds good.
>> It was really good. So, I finally got to
try one of those. I'm behind the times.
This sucker's long. I'm probably going
to put two boxes together for this one.
Just trying to think of what boxes I'm
going to put together. Hey, uh Well, no,
that All right. I had I went and got a
big box for this. Um, this this racket
is like 27 in long or something. So,
it's a little bit unwieldy.
Just need to figure out.
It's going to be a little bit different
pack here for sure. Let's see. So, I'm
going I'm going to mark it at like 29.
This is going to be a This is a like I
resize a lot. This is This resize is a
little different from most
that I've done.
Kind of resizing in a different
direction. So, we're going to mark that
up.
And there is a reason I get asked that a
lot like why don't you just score along
this. It doesn't work well
cuz I can't quite score deep enough like
that. So I just prefer to cut the line.
It's not it's probably not the most
efficient.
I'm okay with it. All right. Got that
one.
Flip
the other side.
Same thing.
I also get why don't you stock boxes
like that or whatever a lot. Not from
you. Not not on this channel so much,
but just like if we have a a shorter or
something pop off.
>> Yeah. Especially especially this size
box. Uh pretty much need a 29 123. Why
would you stock that box?
>> You know, because like when we buy
boxes, we're buying typically 25 at a
time. So like I wouldn't want to I
wouldn't want to buy 25 of that special
purpose box, you know, anyways. If we if
we sold tennis rackets all the time and
specialize on that, then maybe we would.
>> Yeah.
>> Okay. So, then I'm going to do this.
See, I also need to
make sure I cut short here a little bit.
about like right there probably do it.
I think y'all are going to see what I'm
going after here in a minute.
Uh, no. I can actually on this side I
can cut all the way across. Sorry, I'm
making sure I don't mess it up. Okay,
here we go. And then right here is where
I can't go all the way across cuz I need
to keep that flap.
I don't need to keep that one, right?
Yeah.
Okay. All right.
So, the whole point of this I know it
seems like a lot.
It's not really that much.
Some of these packs look a lot more
ridiculous to me whenever I'm editing
later. I'm like, "Wow, that's a lot to
do for that." I
>> I mean, I I I think it's cool. Like, I
would never be able to figure that out.
>> But in the moment, it makes sense.
Okay. So, now I have this.
See, now I can fold this down like this.
See? See what I'm going after?
>> Yep.
>> All right.
It is kind of fun. It's like a puzzle.
>> Yeah.
Okay,
go.
This is a good one, huh?
>> Yeah, that's fun.
>> Extraordinary packages, items that call
for extraordinary
resizing.
That That didn't come out quite exactly
as cool as I thought.
>> Yeah,
>> they'll quote me on that one day.
extraordinary.
>> Okay, there we go. So, now we have that.
And now we just got to You know what I
probably will do? I can cut these flaps
all the way off. And that's that's the
good thing. I can end up with a lot of
good scrap.
>> Yep.
>> Which, you know, we use the heck out of
that.
Boy, this is like this is like uh
if if we were running a space program in
here, this would be a moonlanding kind
of pack here.
There we go.
Do this.
That's already good. And I'll just cut
these two
big scrap. Those are good.
We use those often. Okay. Now, the final
touch
is we're going to estimate.
>> Estimate about how you
>> get that resizer in that space.
>> I don't know. I was thinking that.
>> I think so. Yeah. It's still kind of
flexible a little bit, so I think it'll
be all right.
Okay. About right there.
Let me just run this thing. Yeah, it
it's not per it's not the most ideal,
but I've got enough flex to where it'll
work
out in the middle. It's kind of hard to
apply pressure to it.
>> Yeah,
>> I got a little bit of a score there.
It's not perfect.
>> Okay.
Doesn't exactly look like a 16 cube box
anymore, does it? Nope. Not at all.
>> Got to be the box.
>> Be the box.
>> Well, these uh
>> are you channeling Catty Shack?
>> These Yeah.
>> Do you remember that? Be the ball.
>> Yeah, man. That movie was so good.
>> Yeah.
>> And you know what was really cool? You
know what? You know, one thing that
helped that movie a bunch,
>> they played it on TV all the time.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah.
>> That was back
>> very edited version of it.
>> Yeah. back in the um
if y'all are young, like a good bit
younger than us, y'all might not know
back in the back in like the 70s and '
80s, they would do this was you know
before even VHS was much of a thing and
people couldn't like basically like if
it wasn't playing if a movie wasn't
playing at the movie theater, you didn't
get to see the movie,
right? like back in the 70s.
>> 70s. Yeah. Yeah.
>> And you know some of the 80s like it
wasn't
>> right
>> like
>> especially uh where I live we didn't get
cable till way after everybody else cuz
I was out in the country
>> but that was like I don't know if people
understand that like younger people
understand this or not like how
you know now you pretty much if you if
there's something you want to watch
>> just Google which streaming service you
need to watch it on. You may not. All
right. You may have to subscribe to
something or what, but you can watch it.
>> Yeah. You have access pretty much. Yeah.
>> Up until like the early 80s when VHS
players became ubiquitous,
>> right?
>> There was really not a way to watch a
movie unless it was at the movie
theater. Y
>> now they had secondrun movie theaters
that would show old movies and they were
cheaper. Like we had the dollar movies.
Remember that?
>> Yep.
So, it's it's no surprise
that movie theaters struggle now.
>> Uh, between that and the prices,
uh, we we went to the movies, the three
of us last week.
>> Oh, we spent 100 bucks.
>> No, over 100.
>> I know. That's
>> between the tickets and
>> Yeah.
>> Now, granted, uh, it
>> can got a meal.
>> I got nachos,
>> but it No, they were Yeah, but they were
It was like a big fancy nacho. I got
>> They didn't have meat on them.
>> I got a big uh I got the big bucket of
popcorn. Molly wouldn't Molly
>> Molly got a hamburger and fries.
>> Yeah. So, I mean,
>> but still,
I'm not
>> that food was over $60 for nachos,
hamburger, and popcorn, and three
drinks.
>> And then the Yeah, I looked I saw it on
our I saw it on our statement. I was
like, "Dang, I didn't realize we spent
that much money." Cuz
>> that's why we go to movies maybe once a
year. Maybe
>> we spent I don't know. I But you know
what? I'm I'm still glad we went. But
>> Oh, me too. Cuz there's certain things
that you would need to see in the
theater,
>> right? And you can do it cheaper because
they have u like if you really want to
go see movies and you don't want to
spend like they have certain days.
>> Yeah.
>> Where the tickets are super cheap and
they have like deals on popcorn and you
know like you can go cheaper, but
>> I can sneak candy in in my purse.
>> Oh yeah.
>> And drinks.
>> I would not even feel slightly bad about
that. I'm sorry. Not after you've paid
over $50 just for the ticket.
>> No. No. Indeed. Shoot. Whenever we went
when we went to watch uh Hail Project
Hail Mary,
we walk up and What was that? A Sunday
night. It was Easter night.
>> Yeah. 6:00 Eastern night.
>> We look y'all. We walked We walked into
the front door and then like where the
ush like the ticket taker would normally
be. Well, I don't even know if they have
one now. They usually check. They
supposed to check.
>> I wonder if they just check
>> if I don't know. Nobody was there. We
just walked in and found our theater.
>> We walked Yeah, we just walked in.
There's nobody standing there and went
walked straight into our theater and sat
down in our seats.
>> We bought tickets on the app ahead of
time and you know, so
>> I do like that.
>> Yeah,
>> like where you pick your exact seat. I
love that.
>> Yep.
>> Yeah, it was crazy. like nobody was
checking. Like we would we would never
do this, but we could have walked in
without
>> uh it almost makes me wonder if they
have um if the seats can tell if
somebody's sitting in them or not.
>> And then if there's if
>> if there's too many people in a theater
>> or if there's a seat occupied by someone
that not did did not but you could but
people move around in the theater all
the time,
>> right? That's what I was saying. Maybe
if there's obviously too many people in
the theater, then there were tickets
sold.
>> Look at this big thing here.
>> Yeah, we have some big packs.
Okay, y'all. This is going to be kind of
a strange one because I already um
I already had these boxes built out from
the previous pack and I'm going to use
them now. These are some rubber floor
mats for an Audi.
And we have been killing it on these
floor mats lately.
Yeah, I'm using two dissimilar boxes
here.
These sold for like 90 or something,
right? Uh I think so. Let's see. That's
the the Audi Audi. How do you say Audi?
>> Yeah.
Yep. 90.
>> Yeah. And these are Okay, this is going
to be this is going to be kind of a
nasty pack.
This will not be my prettiest effort.
I'm going to eyeball it cuz these these
boxes are not the same same height
height. Height height.
Let's see what Let's see what happens
when Lonnie uses just uses his eyeballs.
Oh, speaking of that, I got I need to go
pick up my contacts.
>> They came in.
>> I think they're in. Yeah, they left a
message yesterday.
>> Okay, cool.
>> Got contacts to wear.
>> Bif focal
>> bif focal contacts. I already they gave
me some samples
and I I'm not wearing them because
my near vision is terrible.
>> Yeah, the samples are just single
vision.
>> Samples only do Yeah, the far vision or
whatever.
>> All right.
So, I think I can
That will go there. Yeah. Okay. I can
cut these all the way off.
>> More scrap.
>> Yep.
Yeah. Definitely remind me to um
order. I just I really just need 12 12
and 16 1210.
>> Yeah.
>> All right.
This
I need to do need to trim that one a
little better.
That's not This This one isn't scored
very well.
Yeah, now it works.
There we go. Actually, that's not that
bad.
>> I like how it's two-toned.
>> Yeah, I know. That's weird, huh?
That ain't bad for eyeballing the the
the height height height.
Stop.
Oh, you know that that reminds me. I
made a post this weekend. Candace found
it.
>> Oh, yeah.
>> Where somebody was selling arm or not
selling giving away an armw. The f the
other funny thing is it's not even an
armwa,
>> right?
>> It's like a media cabin,
>> but they spelled it armw.
>> Pop up the picture here.
>> Yeah. A RM-Wa.
>> Would they do W ah or WA or
>> I think it was just WA. I think I Yeah,
the pictures there. But I did have to
say that
it wasn't that that long ago.
That was a pretty good while actually
where I mean my my mother called chest
of drawers Chester drawers my entire
childhood
>> and you Yeah.
>> And I just thought that's what I never I
never question and
>> I think a lot of people think that's
what it is.
>> Chester drawer.
>> Yeah. Chester. Chester's drawers.
>> Now your mother didn't say that.
>> No, I don't think so.
>> No, cuz she was in the antique business
proper terms.
>> I know. She says some words like that
sometimes.
>> She doesn't say the wrong word. She just
says a southern misprononunciation.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> No, but I legit thought it was Chester
drawer. So, I can't say nothing about
arm walk.
>> I've heard a lot of people through my
life call it that.
>> Chester.
>> Yeah.
>> And nobody ever corrects anybody on it.
>> I know.
>> Cuz they don't want because that they
don't want to be rude.
So,
>> all right. BBop
>> Deluxe.
>> Oh, not not standard BBOP.
Drastic plastic.
Wrap these up. Good. These are these are
good money here.
Both ways. One, two, three.
This was a score.
We This is This is the kind of thing we
may never see these again.
>> Yeah,
>> cuz I've never Well, although maybe I've
seen them before and I didn't
>> How I don't know how I've never heard of
this band.
>> Yeah.
>> For it to be worth that much money and
never heard of it.
I I I feel like there's no I feel like
there's very small chance we ever see
BBOP Deluxe sealed collector sets again,
but somebody watching watching this
right now probably will.
I would say the chances are.
Okay, see what measurement we have here.
All right,
let me see.
I don't even know if I have anything
that'll work for this up here.
Oh, I do.
Oh,
well, this will work. Actually, this
will be fine. It's a 14 1410.
This will be This will actually be
perfect.
This is pretty much bulletproof size for
this pack on on edges and everything.
So, this will work.
Yeah, we let off the we're buying as
much as we can right now, but there is a
limit.
>> Yeah.
>> To what?
Like at some point we got to say, "All
right, we we simply cannot buy anymore."
Because we've all we've always operated
under this uh premise that and there's
some truth to it. This premise that
you got to buy as much as possible
during garage sale season. There is some
truth to that. But what ends up
happening every year is they're like,
"Well, we're going to bye bye bye and
then in the winter
and when when sourcing is hard, we'll
have plenty of stuff." It doesn't ever
work out like that.
>> Well, it does, but here's um we're very
fortunate in that we do a lot of big
private buys,
>> right? And that's
>> and that still happens in the winter and
that's usually very desirable
merchandise to list. So the garage the
old garage sale stuff still doesn't get
listed a lot of times.
>> And we also in uh during the winter we
we increase our visits to the uh estate
sales.
>> Yeah.
>> Like during the like during heavy garage
sale season, we'll skip uh estate sales
often,
>> right?
So
the truth is is that we just don't like
once we have enough we we have enough
for a little while and we just need to
let lay off let off the gas and list get
what we have listed.
>> Yeah.
Now, if we would have had a bad day on
Friday, we probably would have gone out
Saturday,
but we had a surprisingly good day on
Friday.
Boy, Candace, I was talking to Rev
Resale.
That's that sucker. He bought or they
bought him and Nikki T. They bought like
a whole bunch of new old stock
electrical stuff.
>> Uhhuh.
Square D and you know circuit breakers
and look like all kind of stuff brand
new in the box.
>> 50 bucks for all of it.
>> Mhm.
>> It's to get like he was showing me
pieces that are worth 300 on their own
and he's got a big pile of stuff.
>> Nice. I love those kind of bars.
>> And especially like
commercial stuff that's used by people
to do jobs like that.
>> Yep.
>> That's That's pretty easy to sell
typically.
>> Mhm.
>> Unless it's Unless it's nails,
>> you know,
>> we need to look at that.
>> Yeah. I need to make sure that they're
on marketplace.
>> We got about 500 lb of nails in storage.
>> Roofing nails, huh? No,
>> they're not.
>> No,
>> I don't know what kind they are. I don't
think they are. I'm pretty I'm I'm
pretty I don't think I would have bought
roofing nails.
>> Let me see. I can look real quick.
>> We don't have a ton of money into them.
It was $5 a case.
>> Yeah.
>> And each case had a bunch of boxes in
it, I think.
>> Finish trim nails.
>> Yeah.
>> There's 25 lbs per case. 25 pounds per
case.
>> About 14,000 nails per case.
>> We have 14 cases
>> and we Okay, so we paid if we have 14
cases, then we paid $70
total and we're asking 50 a case.
>> Yeah,
>> they ain't selling. I get, you know, you
know what it is? The shipping is
probably that's probably just a dumb
thing to buy.
>> Here's the thing. I have them on
marketplace. I'm surprised we haven't
got any local uh construction workers
reaching out to us. You know,
>> maybe I need to post them in some groups
>> and lower the price to maybe 40 a case
or something.
>> I mean, at this point, if we could sell
them local, I'd take 20 a case even, you
know. Okay, this is BBOPs.
>> All right, so we just had uh
one of the advantages. There are
disadvantages to do to uh two-day
handling, but one of the advantages is
on Mondays we can can actually stop and
eat lunch. Isn't that nice?
So, we did. We stopped to eat lunch just
now. And now we're back.
I ate some of the leftover curry.
Delicious.
packing a uh Barbie right now. Fairly
long box.
This is better.
All
right. So, this will be perfect now.
Just leave it like this. I'm I'm sure we
have 2 lb shipping ON
>> We do.
>> Huh?
We are recording a podcast tonight. It
would have already maybe No, no,
actually it will not have dropped yet.
No, cuz we're ahead a little bit on the
podcast.
>> Who y'all got?
>> Um, Popeye's Postcards
is who we're going to be talking to
tonight. And I I've known I've known
Popeye's postcards for quite a while.
His name is John,
but um he's he was watch he was watching
the channel back, you know, a long time
ago and
he's reached out a couple of times. I
don't know if like email or just in
comments. I can't remember, but he's
offered some advice on like selling bulk
postcards and bulk other stuff.
>> Yeah. Um, but he's like he he's got his
his eBay business model is one that um I
I kind of envy a little bit in some
ways. In some ways not cuz I I would I
don't think I would want to deal with
postcards every day.
>> I know
>> the same thing over and over. But
>> it's easy.
>> It's easy. And once you're like, can you
imagine like if all you did was one
niche every day.
>> Now postcards postcards are different
though cuz they you know the subject
matter is wide ranging of course.
>> Right. But still like your your shipping
supplies are so simplistic and your
whole process
>> everything.
>> You don't need a lot of room to store
things.
>> No, it's awesome. I think I think like
>> I really I I find I find that kind of
business model fascinating.
because then it becomes less about
the items I think and more about the
processes
and you know because I don't think in
general I don't think he sells
individual postcards for that much money
>> right
>> you know it might be three four five
dollars a lot of times I I know he does
sell some and I'll get more
clarification tonight but I know he does
sell some postcards are very expensive
but I think that's pretty rare
So, I'm I'm very curious to hear I'm
very curious to hear some of the numbers
he deals with. And like
>> I have a question for you to ask. And
you may already know the answer.
>> Let me I'm going to write it down.
>> I think you would remember it without
writing it down.
>> No, I Well, I'm going to
>> It's probably something that if you
don't already know, you you want to
know.
>> Okay. What is it?
>> How did he get his his business name?
>> Oh, yeah.
cuz obviously his name is not Popeye.
>> It is. It is a interesting name.
>> Yep.
>> And it works well because uh Popeye's
postcards. It's a p-p sound.
>> Pp triple p.
>> Yeah. Pp,
which is kind of fun. The p sound is
kind of nice.
>> Is it? I think so.
>> I wonder about
>> I think so.
>> I wonder if there's a rival postcard
seller named Pluto.
>> Maybe his wife's name is Olive.
>> Do you remember when they did the um the
live action Robin Williams?
>> A long time ago. Yeah,
>> man. That was some great casting on
that. And Shel, what's her name?
Shelley. Uh,
>> Shelley Long,
>> she did so good as olive oil.
>> Shelley Long was she was
>> Shelley Long. That's not her name.
>> Dval.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah. Shelley Long was on Cheers. The
blonde.
>> Oh, okay.
Yeah, Shelley Dval. That's who I was.
>> Yeah, that was great. Uh, casting for
that movie.
>> I don't remember anything about it.
Should probably watch it again sometime.
All right, let's see. What are we doing
here?
>> Some more uh car mats.
>> Yeah.
H 20 in.
I'll be right back.
Okay, I went and grabbed a uh
14 1410 box. I think this is going to be
perfect.
Well, yeah, it will be perfect. It's not
perfect yet.
We're going to make it that way.
Candace, you know what? We ought to film
a short.
>> Don't you think I Man, I have not
Somebody said you haven't put up a short
in so many months on the packing
channel. So, yeah. Hang on a second.
Stop recording. All right, y'all. We're
just going to go ahead and um Ken's
going to film a short, so I'm not going
to talk to y'all for just a minute. Are
you ready?
>> Okay. All right, y'all. We are going to
pack some floor mats that I have rolled
up in a tube. I don't have a box exactly
this shape, but I do have a 1410 box
that I think I can make fit the bill.
So, I'm going to mark it up at 21 in. I
think that'll make sense
right there.
cut
and do another one.
And then I'm going to do it the same
thing on the other side. Mark it up at
21. Okay, you can cut again.
Ready? Okay, go ahead.
All right. And then just going to take
my Tsquare
and straight line this thing at 21.
Pop
pop. Okay. Cut.
Putting the cuts in makes it way easier
for me to edit. Y'all,
I'm still going to take a little dead
stuff out, but mostly not. You ready?
Now I'm going to use my little box re
box cutter. No, wait. It has a box
resizer on the other side. And I'm just
going to score
right there. And I am scoring on the
outside.
So at the end, I will put a little tape
just to reinforce. It's never been an
issue before.
Then I'll just cut these
because this is going to be the new
where the new flaps are at. And we're
just going to build this thing out. And
we fold it. The whole point of that is
to make it easier to fold.
So it folds cleanly. And then we just
build this thing out. Look at that.
Boom. All right. Now I'll just tape it
up real quick.
cut. I don't like showing all the
taping. Plus, it's so loud.
Yeah, I throw throw that up there,
Candace.
>> Yep.
>> Somebody said uh it been like a
ridiculous number of months, and they're
right.
>> It has been. Yeah,
>> cuz I've been so focused
on everything else,
>> right?
>> But you know what? I'm glad they said
that. I have to go back and thank them
in the comments. I'm glad they said that
because you know what? These videos kill
it.
>> People love them.
>> They love it. And you know, you have you
have your you have a lot of people that
are like, I've been doing that for 20
years. You know, you get a lot of that.
You know,
>> okay,
>> I've seen better. You know,
>> there's a lot of things on
>> that's nothing.
>> There's a lot of things on the internet
that people have been doing for hundreds
of years, right? So,
>> you ready?
Okay, I got this this end taped up. And
now, let's see. I got clean this cut up
a little bit.
We go.
Clean this one up, too. There we go.
Look at this, y'all.
Boom. Watch this.
Oh, supposed to be a little smoother
than that. All right. And then we put
our thank you card in there. And uh I
don't know. I mean, you know what?
Let's do a little more. We got this
other guy here. Stop.
Okay, go. This is another type of box
rescizer that has this thing to where
you can grab onto the edge, the corner
or whatever. And that way you get a nice
straight cut. And we're going to do this
cuz if you can make your box smaller,
especially on a larger box, you can save
some postage, money on postage. In this
case, we don't care how, you know, if
it's tight a little bit cuz it's car
mats. So, now we have that scored.
I'm just going to cut our corners up
real quick
and just fold these up. Uh-oh. All
right.
I trim this up a little bit. No biggie.
If you're
packers at home, kids at home, don't cut
towards yourself.
I'm a trained professional. I can get
away with it. Maybe. And then we just
need to tape this up.
Cut. And there's going to be one more.
That camera shut off two times.
>> I wonder if you It shouldn't do it with
you saying cut.
>> Oh, is that it?
>> No, it's the S the SR command.
>> Yeah, but maybe there maybe it has maybe
there's more ways to control it than
just that.
>> Yeah,
>> I always thought it was the
I always thought it was what you said.
Yeah,
>> maybe there's maybe there's more to it.
Maybe it has a bigger vocabulary. I'm
glad it like it does it does beep when
it stops. So, it's very evident to us.
So, very like it's it's not really going
to happen
that it cuts and we don't don't don't
know it. At least we should. Okay. Go
ahead and run again.
>> Okay. See, look what we ended up with,
y'all. Really nice, sturdy package. And
yes, I did go ahead and reinforce those
corners where the score marks were. It's
never been a problem. Like I said,
thanks for watching.
All right, y'all. I am editing this
video
and this thing is going to be like an
hour and 43 minutes. Way too long for
one video. So, I'm cutting it in half,
but there was no clip where we say
goodbye. So, goodbye everyone. Thanks a
bunch for watching and the second half
will be up very soon. Bye y'all.